README.md, before:

# Fancy Farmers Website
(Developer: Yannick Ferenczi)

This is the main website for Fancy Farmers. It provides information about the Fancy Farmers, their products, their events and how to find them and contact them. It is a fully responsive website allowing customers to visit it from any device.
Fancy Farmers is a farm company bio certified, located in nrw, Germany.

[Visit the live project here](https://yannickferenczi.github.io/fancy-farmers/index.html)

---
## Technologies Used
**Languages**
<ul>
    <li>HTML</li>
    <li>CSS</li>
    <li>JavaScript for the use of <a href="https://fontawesome.com/" target="_blank">Font Awesome</a> only.</li>
</ul>

**Frameworks and other Programs**
<ul>
    <li><a href="https://app.corelvector.com/ target="_blank">Corel Vector</a> has been used for the wireframes</li>
    <li><a href="https://fontawesome.com/" target="_blank">Font Awesome</a> has been used to display icons</li>
    <li>Git has been used to version control the project</li>
    <li>GitHub has been used to cloudify and deploy the project</li>
    <li>GitPod has been used as an IDE to develop the project</li>
    <li><a href="https://fonts.google.com/">Google Fonts</a> was used to import the needed font-families</li>
</ul>

---
## Deployment
**How this site was deployed**
<ul>
    <li>
        In the GitHub repository, navigate to the Settings tab, then choose Pages from the left hand menu.
    </li>
    <li>
        From the source section drop-down menu, select the Master Branch and click on the 'save' button.
    </li>
    <li>
        Refresh the page after a few minute to display the link to the live webpage.
    </li>
    <li>
        Any changes pushed to the master branch will take effect on the live project.
    </li>
</ul>

[Visit the live project here](https://yannickferenczi.github.io/fancy-farmers/index.html)

**How to clone the repository**
<ul>
    <li>
        Go to the https://github.com/yannickferenczi/fancy-farmers repository on GitHub.
    </li>
    <li>
        Click the 'Code' button to the right of the screen, then click HTTPs and copy the link.
    </li>
    <li>
        Open a GitBash terminal and navigate to the directory where you want to locate the clone.
    </li>
    <li>
        On the command line, type "git clone" then paste in the copied url and press the Enter key to begin the clone process.
    </li>
</ul>

---
## Credits
**Content**
<ul>
    <li>
        Most of the content has been created using ChatGPT.
    </li>
    <li>
        The rest of the content was been written by the developer.
    </li>
</ul>

**Code**
<ul>
    <li>
        The hamburger menu, written in CSS only, has been inspired by <a href="https://blog.logrocket.com/create-responsive-mobile-menu-with-css-no-javascript/" target="_blank">this excellent code</a> and <a href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/:checked" target="_blank">that one too</a>.
    </li>
    <li>
        The CSS code to format the images on <a href="https://yannickferenczi.github.io/fancy-farmers/our_products.html">Our products</a> and on <a href="https://yannickferenczi.github.io/fancy-farmers/our_events.html">Our events</a> come from <a href="https://www.w3schools.com/css/css3_images.asp">this page</a>.
    </li>
</ul>

**Media**
<ul>
    <li>
        The icons in the footer and on the <a href="https://yannickferenczi.github.io/fancy-farmers/about_us.html" target="_blank">About us</a> page were taken from <a href="https://fontawesome.com/" target="_blank">Font Awesome</a>.
    </li>
    <li>
        The fonts used were imported from <a href="https://fonts.google.com/">Google Fonts</a>.
    </li>
    <li>
        All images were downloaded for free from <a href="https://www.pexels.com/">Pexels</a> :
        <ul>
            <li></li>
        </ul>
    </li>
</ul>

---
## Acknowledgements
<ul>
    <li>
        Thank you to my mentor Akshat Garg who provided me with some resources to assist me in this project.
    </li>
    <li>
        Thank you to <a href="https://codeinstitute.net/de/" target="_blank">Code Institute</a> for their program to become a full stack software developer allowing me to code this project after less than 3 weeks of learning.
    </li>
</ul>

Commit message:

Add design to the README.md file

README.md, after:

# Fancy Farmers Website
(Developer: Yannick Ferenczi)

This is the main website for Fancy Farmers. It provides information about the Fancy Farmers, their products, their events and how to find them and contact them. It is a fully responsive website allowing customers to visit it from any device.
Fancy Farmers is a farm company bio certified, located in nrw, Germany.

[Visit the live project here](https://yannickferenczi.github.io/fancy-farmers/index.html)

---
## Design
**Design orientation**

The Website has been designed to communicate the feeling of nature and peace while the first goal is to show the user the proximity of our farm and how easy it is to have fresh and healthy products every week.

**Colours**

Regarding the colours, a darkgreen and a violet have been used for the logo to associate the nature with the quality. In fact, the green brings Harmony, refreshment, environmental awareness and peace and the violet brings Spiritual awareness, luxury, authenticity and quality.
Those two colours, combined with the yellow create a triadic colour, in which the yellow brings the energy.

As they are all three strong colours, the green and the violet have only been used with little touch to always refer to the logo, while the intensity of the yellow, used as a background color with an image, has been reduce with the transparency property to keep the overall balance a nice harmony.

Finally, a cover picture with a big blue sky has been used on the landing page to place the user into a calm and seren mood.

Because those colours are very strong and have a strong contrast together some black and white have been used to separate those colours and therefore use the full power of their association.

**Fonts**

Oleo Script Swash Caps has been used for the logo to communicate our elegance and break down some stereotypes associated to farmers. It has also been used for the headings to keep a certain consistency through the website. Cursive has been use as a fallback.

For the rest of the content, the more readable Open Sans has been used with a sans-serif as fallback. Open Sans has been used because it was a good recommendation to associate it to the Oleo Script Swash Caps font.

---
## Technologies Used
**Languages**
<ul>
    <li>HTML</li>
    <li>CSS</li>
    <li>JavaScript for the use of <a href="https://fontawesome.com/" target="_blank">Font Awesome</a> only.</li>
</ul>

**Frameworks and other Programs**
<ul>
    <li><a href="https://app.corelvector.com/ target="_blank">Corel Vector</a> has been used for the wireframes</li>
    <li><a href="https://fontawesome.com/" target="_blank">Font Awesome</a> has been used to display icons</li>
    <li>Git has been used to version control the project</li>
    <li>GitHub has been used to cloudify and deploy the project</li>
    <li>GitPod has been used as an IDE to develop the project</li>
    <li><a href="https://fonts.google.com/">Google Fonts</a> was used to import the needed font-families</li>
</ul>

---
## Deployment
**How this site was deployed**
<ul>
    <li>
        In the GitHub repository, navigate to the Settings tab, then choose Pages from the left hand menu.
    </li>
    <li>
        From the source section drop-down menu, select the Master Branch and click on the 'save' button.
    </li>
    <li>
        Refresh the page after a few minute to display the link to the live webpage.
    </li>
    <li>
        Any changes pushed to the master branch will take effect on the live project.
    </li>
</ul>

[Visit the live project here](https://yannickferenczi.github.io/fancy-farmers/index.html)

**How to clone the repository**
<ul>
    <li>
        Go to the https://github.com/yannickferenczi/fancy-farmers repository on GitHub.
    </li>
    <li>
        Click the 'Code' button to the right of the screen, then click HTTPs and copy the link.
    </li>
    <li>
        Open a GitBash terminal and navigate to the directory where you want to locate the clone.
    </li>
    <li>
        On the command line, type "git clone" then paste in the copied url and press the Enter key to begin the clone process.
    </li>
</ul>

---
## Credits
**Content**
<ul>
    <li>
        Most of the content has been created using ChatGPT.
    </li>
    <li>
        The rest of the content was been written by the developer.
    </li>
</ul>

**Code**
<ul>
    <li>
        The hamburger menu, written in CSS only, has been inspired by <a href="https://blog.logrocket.com/create-responsive-mobile-menu-with-css-no-javascript/" target="_blank">this excellent code</a> and <a href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/:checked" target="_blank">that one too</a>.
    </li>
    <li>
        The CSS code to format the images on <a href="https://yannickferenczi.github.io/fancy-farmers/our_products.html">Our products</a> and on <a href="https://yannickferenczi.github.io/fancy-farmers/our_events.html">Our events</a> come from <a href="https://www.w3schools.com/css/css3_images.asp">this page</a>.
    </li>
</ul>

**Media**
<ul>
    <li>
        The icons in the footer and on the <a href="https://yannickferenczi.github.io/fancy-farmers/about_us.html" target="_blank">About us</a> page were taken from <a href="https://fontawesome.com/" target="_blank">Font Awesome</a>.
    </li>
    <li>
        The fonts used were imported from <a href="https://fonts.google.com/">Google Fonts</a>.
    </li>
    <li>
        All images were downloaded for free from <a href="https://www.pexels.com/">Pexels</a> :
        <ul>
            <li></li>
        </ul>
    </li>
</ul>

---
## Acknowledgements
<ul>
    <li>
        Thank you to my mentor Akshat Garg who provided me with some resources to assist me in this project.
    </li>
    <li>
        Thank you to <a href="https://codeinstitute.net/de/" target="_blank">Code Institute</a> for their program to become a full stack software developer allowing me to code this project after less than 3 weeks of learning.
    </li>
</ul>
